ER
Previously on ER...
- Want a bite?
- No, I'll just watch you eat it.
- Where is that going?
- What do you mean?
- You and the desk clerk.
- Do you think your grand mother...
- would consider this clinic idea?
- She'd probably look at it.
I have to pay my landlord,
the med school bills,
my phone bill, the gas bill,
that should leave me about four bucks.
- Oh, yeah, me too.
- You've not worked...
- with Dr. Romano, have you?
- Rocket Romano?
Rocket's sponsoring my BTA.
Damn you people!
- Hold him down!
- Son of a bitch!
That's enough!
Believe me, it won't get any better.
He belongs in jail.
I wish it was me who kicked
your white ass!
"Ground Zero"
- I hope I didn't wake you.
- No.
No. I smelled the coffee.
Well, let me get you a cup.
Okay.
You're cheerful this morning.
Did you talk to the foreman yet?
Yeah. He gave me
the same old, same old.
All crewed up.
But I talked to Tommy Styles.
Tommy?
I thought he moved to Atlanta.
Yeah. He's a general manager of
a construction company down there...
...and got some contracts
during the Olympics.
And things just grew from there.
They can't get enough guys
to fill their gigs.
- Good for him.
- Yeah.
He said...
He said a guy with my skills...
...could make some real good money
the first year out.
In Atlanta?
Yeah. I mean, it could be
a chance for a fresh start.
Better job opportunities.
Better weather.
We already know Tommy.
My sister's down there.
And it's a chocolate city,
so socially-
- Sounds great.
- But?
But we're not kids anymore.
We can't just start over.
Why not? Why can't we
just wipe the slate clean?
Because we have a mortgage
and I have a job.
But I don't.
I'm being frozen out up here.
And after that fight with Bill,
I can't just hang out...
...watch a football game
with the guys.
My life is over up here.
In Atlanta, we wouldn't have
to tell anybody. Nobody would know.
Hey, how many patients do you
think we see every year?
Too many.
Could you be a little more specific?
It's for my grant proposal.
Tonight's the Carter Family
Foundation night. You nervous?
No, the worst she'll say is no, and
I'm back to clueless and penniless.
- Good morning.
- Hey.
You in a good mood?
The hospital settled
the Kenny Law malpractice suit.
No more process servers.
No more depositions.
And after today, no more work...
...because I've got three days
of vacation time before me.
Any plans?
Sleep, sleep and sleep.
Mark, how many patients do we
see here every year?
Would that be real patients
or turkeys?
Forget I asked.
Your count will be about 95 percent
higher if you count all the wackos.
It's a little harsh.
All right, I'll make you a wager.
A wager on the turkey-to-patient
ratio over the next 12 hours.
- No, thanks.
- Two-1 odds.
Can I get a doctor quickly?
Help, please! Anyone!
See? Here's a real patient now.
You're already up by one.
Anna?
- Anna?
- Hey, Carter.
I'm running late. Sorry.
I misread your handwriting.
I thought this said 4D.
It does.
Come in.
I had to get my shower in
before the guy in 4G.
He stands in there for an hour
listening to Howard Stern.
Can I get a ride to Journal Club?
- Sure.
- Thanks.
Make yourself comfortable.
I'm gonna go get dressed.
This is a nice place.
Please, it's a dump.
But you get what you pay for, right?
What can you do?
Especially on what we're paid.
Right.
If you want, there's some
Pop-Tarts on the counter.
Can I make you one?
No, it's okay. I like them cold.
- Me too.
- Really?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Damn landlord won't fumigate
the place.
I write letters,
call the management office.
Bet he doesn't have roaches
around his fat-cat estates.
Report him to the health department.
Roaches are a health hazard.
Really? That works?
You tried it?
Yeah.
I never would have pegged you for
a guy who knew slumlord politics.
You seem so milk-fed middle-class.
You know, my family always
had enough to get by.
Never went hungry or anything.
Let's go over this journal
stuff at breakfast.
I know a place that's got
a $1.99 pancake special.
- You buying?
- My treat.
All right. Thanks.
- Type and cross for 4 units.
- X-ray. AP and lateral on that knee.
- What happened?
- A performance piece-
I did "William Tell," taking the risk
that the average Philistine wouldn't.
All this idiot had to do was shoot
the apple from in between my legs.
- Lucky he didn't aim higher.
- It makes it even edgier.
- You shed blood for your work.
- Are you Max Prole?
No. It's just, the blood on the gallery wall
made a bold splatter-
- Do I look like Jackson Pollock?
- I'm sorry, sir. I just think-
Carol, let's give him
10 of morphine.
Wait. The piece can go on and
live and breathe on its own.
I will be the canvas.
No morphine.
Experience the sensation.
You have a bullet hole in your leg.
Now take the drug.
Sorry, Carol. Score one for me.
When is Dr. Hicks doing
her 8 a. m. gastroplasty?
- Did.
- Excuse me?
She pushed it up to 6.
They should be done by now.
Hey, what's going on?
- Finishing up my note.
- Dr. Hicks changed her surgery?
She made rounds for Dr. Sloman.
You weren't here yet.
- Why wasn't I called?
- I didn't want to disturb you.
That was my gastroplasty.
I know. But you have limited time
with your family, so...
Is that what you told Dr. Hicks?
Peter, I thought I was doing you a favor.
If you think I wanted this-
Hey, did you?
Look, why don't you take my ischemic
bowel at 11, and we'll call it a trade.
- Okay, yeah. Why don't we do that.
- Good.
You smell like talcum powder.
That's so sweet.
Hey, Jeanie. Your husband called.
- Did he leave a message?
- Yeah, I wrote it down.
"Mint juleps, night-blooming jasmine
and warm southern breezes. "
- That was it?
- Yeah. He sounds like a real romantic.
Sometimes I wish he wasn't
as much of a romantic.
You don't like
being swept off your feet?
- It's the landing that's a problem.
- This Synergix Group...
Its balanced budget's deeper
in the red than ours.
- I've made real progress.
- That's laudable.
- But hear what they have to say.
- What if I don't like it?
I'd plan on liking it.
Or you can explain to the board
of directors the ER's massive deficit.
They're looking for scapegoats.
Don't be one.
It was a complete accident.
Mr. Prole made me do it.
- This is your guy.
- A couple of questions.
I was a bad shot. He wouldn't listen!
- Gotta love the crackpots.
- Can you cover me for a few hours?
Anspaugh's sending me
to some dog-and-pony show...
...for these ER management groups.
- If I have to.
- He just zeroed in on the budget.
Said we're overstaffed, ordering too
many tests. He wants it turned around.
- Sounds bad.
- There's no money.
Resources are stretched as it is.
He still wants me to lose another 98,000.
- Something's gotta give.
- Yeah.
I just don't know what or who.
Let me know when you're back.
- What have you got?
- Matthew Lindermulder.
His spotter at the gym dropped
a free-weight bar on his head.
Now I know why I let
my gym membership lapse.
BP's 120/80. Pulse 88.
- Pupils equal, round and reactive.
- Babinski's down-going.
He withdraws to pain.
Okay. Let's get a CBC, cross-table
C- spine, and a non-contrast head CT.
- Oh, man.
- What's that?
It's a Klan tattoo.
Can you hear me?
How long was he seizing?
His cellmates screamed
for us an hour ago.
All the way here.
It stopped as we pulled up.
BP's 100/70. Pulse 100.
- Has he been here before?
- Don't know.
- Wet himself in the van on the way.
- Okay.
- Can you not use those cuffs?
- Okay, but I gotta stay with him.
He's waking up!
I hear it ringing.
- Any history of epilepsy?
- No.
- I smell rubber.
- How are you feeling there?
I don't know. I don't know.
Hang on. Hang on.
That's all right. Hang on.
He's bit his tongue.
Get a head CT and a tox screen.
Can I talk to you outside?
Sure.
- What do you think?
- Textbook seizure symptoms.
- A little too textbook.
- A convincing performance.
I've seen Oscar-winning performances
for a "Get out of Jail Free" card.
Maybe Mark Greene's rubbing off on us.
He's seizing again.
The labs are back
on that weird guy in 1.
- Anna, weird guy in 1.
- Okay.
- Thanks again for breakfast.
- Sure.
- Could you wrap up a patient for me?
- Is he stinky?
No. A straightforward concussion.
Just makes me uncomfortable.
You're passing him off because
he makes you feel uncomfortable?
Dr. Carter? It's the lab.
- He's a member of the Ku Klux Klan.
- Did he make any remarks?
No. He's unconscious.
But I noticed he had a KKK tattoo.
If we all waited for the perfect patient,
the lounge would be standing-room only.
Any problem, call security. Until then,
try and remember Hippocrates.
No pupil dilation.
Oral mucosa's intact.
Lucky landing.
Sorry, officer, it doesn't look good.
Will you prepare the H20-Na
treatment, please?
Doctor, that's experimental.
- What doesn't look good?
- Well, it's our only hope.
Officer, do you have the name
of Mr. Steiff's next of kin?
Either he'll snap out of it, or he'll
be forced into an irreversible coma.
Coma?
Wait a few seconds. If it doesn't
work, call the coma team.
What? What? Who?
- Amazing.
- Yeah.
- Saltwater.
- Where am I?
Right now, you're in a hospital...
...but you'll soon be on a bus
headed for prison...
...in very wet pants.
We got your Gram's stain back,
Mr. La Fontaine.
Please, for you, Vinnie.
Okay, Vinnie. You have gonorrhea.
From your chart,
you're familiar with the protocol.
Occupational hazard.
Price of being a player.
- You sing?
- No.
That's a damn shame because...
...I've been in the entertainment industry
for numerous years.
And with a face like yours,
you could sell a lot of platters.
This is a single dose
of Floxin and Zithromax.
They do the same thing as
the antibiotics you're used to.
I remember when it used to be
an elephant gun...
...of penicillin in the ass.
Have you been tested recently
for HIV or syphilis?
Oh, yeah, I get tested at Southside Clinic.
I am clean and pristine.
- Is the coast clear?
- What?
Fake seizure kid.
I'd rather Dr. Greene not see him.
Not a patient I should bring up
to your grandmother, right?
Oh, jeez! Your clinic proposal.
That's tonight, isn't it?
Yeah, Oak Park, 7:00.
That's what we said.
Yeah, we did. I just spaced it.
I made plans with Anna.
I can change them.
- Plans with Anna?
- Yeah, Journal Club.
- So it's a colleague kind of thing?
- So far.
You got all your facts and figures?
Gamma loves those.
- Just waiting for census numbers.
- That's cool. You'll do fine.
Don't talk politics or religion
and you'll stay on her good side.
Politics, religion.
Or baseball. She's pissed off
over that inter-league play.
- Anything else?
- No. You're a natural.
How long has your wrist hurt?
About two weeks. Think it might be-
- I'll take a look.
- Can you hold this?
- I'll just set it down-
- Consider yourself served.
- Excuse me?
- If you have questions...
- ... an attorney's number is inside.
- Too late, bud.
This case was settled. But I have
a suggestion of where to stick this.
- Another process server?
- Unbelievable.
Impersonating a patient.
That's gotta be illegal.
They should get their story straight.
Mark, it's not a malpractice summons.
It's a civil suit.
- What?
- Yeah.
Chris Law's claiming you violated
his brother's civil rights.
He's not suing the hospital.
He's suing you.
So I think the facts speak
for themselves.
When you partner
with Synergix Physicians' Group...
...we will increase revenues...
...streamline management
and cut costs...
...making your department
a center of excellence.
I'm sure that some of you
have questions. So- Yes, sir.
Eric Norris,
director of St. Joseph's ER-
The principal author on thrombolytics
and pulmonary embolism...
...in the September Annals.
Welcome.
Yes. What are your billing charges?
Now, that is the beauty
of the SPG system.
Collective billing of 125 facilities
enables us to keep billing costs...
...down below 5 percent.
- Yes?
- I have a few questions. The first-
I'm sorry. And you are?
Kerry Weaver, Chief of Emergency
Services at County General.
Five percent is an impressive number.
But what's the actual percentage
Synergix retains in management fees?
We retain the current
physicians' salaries.
We balance your budget by maximizing
reimbursement and cutting costs.
I'm sure you've heard of the Pentagon
and the $5,000 hammer-
Yeah, I'm not talking about hammers.
And you haven't answered
my question, Mr. West.
Well, it's Dr. West.
But please call me Ellis.
The number you're looking for is
dependent upon a multitude of factors.
Payer mix, daily census, physician
reimbursement, just to name a few.
But we should talk about this later.
Right now I'd like to answer a few
more questions, if I may. Yes?
In the back.
- Dr. Romano.
- Lizzie, just the person I wanted to see.
Someone will be limping for a while.
Some wacky artist got shot.
Completely imploded his cartilage.
There's a cylindrical defect
to the femoral condyle.
You called it.
Perfect candidate for your research.
He's all yours if you got the time.
I have, but we'd need to get his
consent, look for a donor femur.
Consent's taken care of.
And I trolled the morgue.
Found a femur that matches. All you
need to do is grow culture cells.
An osteochondral allograft.
I didn't think I'd ever get to do one.
I'll start the cultures right away.
- Thank you so much.
- Who looks out for you, huh?
I talked to Ivan Sheldon.
Remember him?
A night court judge from Evanston
with a 6 handicap.
He gave me the name of a good attorney.
He defended the civil-rights case...
...against the Kallenback
Meatpacking Company.
You're discussing my legal problems
with golfing buddies?
Sheldon is a judge.
I didn't ask you to save my ass,
or whatever it is you're trying to do.
I'm trying to be your friend,
which is tougher to do these days.
Mark, that environmental-allergy
woman is waiting.
And why is that?
You've been in a bad mood.
I don't know how to talk to you.
- Then don't.
- Okay.
What's the statute of limitations
on posttraumatic stress?
Cut him some slack.
We've all cut him plenty.
He needs some help.
He needs friends who are supportive.
He's not gonna have any friends
if he keeps this up.
- Your guy is back from CT.
- The grand wizard.
He's regained consciousness.
Needs a scalp and shoulder suture.
- He'll be cross-burning in no time.
- I hate to say it, but...
...he's actually very polite.
You're gonna need sutures.
Now you're gonna make me look like
Frankenstein's monster, huh?
First your shoulder.
Please lower your gown.
Could the nurse do them? That little
blond lady who was in here before?
It's not her job.
You'll have to settle for me.
It's no offense. It's just...
Go ahead.
- I gotta hand it to you people.
- "You people"?
Paramedics, nurses,
physicians' assistants.
A dumb ox like me gets a barbell
dropped on his head...
...and I get the best care on Earth.
Well, we treat everybody here.
- Have you been saved, Miss...?
- Boulet.
Do you walk with the Lord?
What's that tattoo have to do
with the Lord?
I'm sorry you had to see it.
That's why I asked for the nurse.
It's a reminder of what I left behind.
Intolerance, ignorance, hate.
I was reborn through
the love of Jesus Christ.
I've built a new life.
You don't believe that's possible, do you?
Sure I do.
We didn't finish our discussion.
I think I heard everything
I need to hear.
But I haven't.
Listen, Kerry, I'm surrounded
by number-crunchers all day long.
When an intelligent and
attractive woman walks in...
- ... I must ask her to lunch.
- Yeah. I have to get back to work.
I'll tell Chicago not to get sick
for an hour.
We'll go to the Oak Room, and I'll tell
you my dirty management secrets.
- and the Japanese strain of staph is
resistant to the most powerful antibiotics.
- Scary stuff.
- Yeah.
Hi. I'm Dr. Greene.
- What are you doing?
- There are germs, doctor.
You can put that away now.
Dr. Greene is very sanitary.
Don't worry.
- I'll be the judge of that.
- Take off the mask.
This is a charcoal-filter mask. 20 percent
of people get sicker in the hospital.
I don't wanna become
another statistic.
You're complaining of fatigue,
dry mouth, shortness of breath.
Heart rate's 130. Resps 32.
You've been here before
for anxiety attacks.
This is not an anxiety attack.
I'm allergic to my apartment building.
- Why don't you move?
- Is that your medical opinion, doctor?
I have environmentally based
allergies!
Or you're looking
for a little attention.
Mark.
Why don't you get a blood gas
and call me with the results.
I see Dr. Corday handed you off
one nasty ileum.
I'm just helping her out.
I'm glad that you two
have some camaraderie.
- It will come in handy with Dr. Romano.
- Excuse me?
He's looking for another surgeon
for his team and...
...I recommended you.
Well, thank you. But- Stapler.
Thanks but what?
I'm more interested in working with
surgeons who challenge my skills...
- ... than dazzle me with technology.
- Technology is the new technique.
And if you don't master it,
somebody else will.
When I saw how the flaws
in the system trickled down...
...and affected the day-to-day
operations of an ER...
- ... I knew I should be in management.
- Then you got your MBA.
And then up the corporate ladder.
Blah, blah, blah.
I didn't kidnap you
out of that conference...
...to tell you my life story.
I wanna find out more about you.
Pick your brain a little bit.
Grapevine says you're doing
great things.
I don't know about great.
My spies tell me about your
waste-reduction program.
Yeah, well, saving a syringe
and some gauze...
...is not the dent
my bosses are looking for.
Sounds serious.
You wanna bend my ear?
Maybe I can help.
The board is convening
at the end of the week.
- That's tomorrow.
- Don't remind me.
They need to cut 10 percent of
the budget. We're already to the bone.
Are they making suggestions
or handing you the ax?
They figure I can chop 8 percent by firing
half of the physicians' assistants.
- That's not a bad idea.
- On paper maybe.
Not so great if you have to
fire a friend.
So this is about more than
just the bottom line.
Well, it's never easy
letting people go, Kerry.
But there are ways
to make it less painful...
...and sometimes less permanent.
Shall we get some coffee?
Sure.
With what I have waiting for me,
I'm in no rush to get back.
Do you think people are capable of
change? Starting their lives over?
- Yeah, sure. Why not?
- I did.
I used to have deadbeat jobs
and go out with loser guys.
Now look at me.
Did the blood gas come up
on that germ lady?
Yeah. In Curtain 2.
Dr. Greene, she seemed a little
upset when she left.
Wanted to get out of here.
- She left before the test results?
- Yeah.
She made a quick call, sprayed the phone
with disinfectant and walked out.
- She left AMA.
- Why would she do that?
Maybe because Mark was rude,
dismissive and patronizing.
I'm sure that's not true.
Not my job to be
their best friend.
No. Just their caregiver.
What's all the brouha?
Dr. Romano and Dr. Corday are doing
an osteochondral allograft.
Well, hot damn.
That's our first ever here at County.
Even Channel Five News is here
covering it for the sci-tech segment.
See what I mean, Peter?
The future is now.
Excuse me.
- Excuse me.
- Oh, sorry.
Excuse me.
Vincent Scarletti, 82,
found in his bathroom.
He was in full arrest.
We shocked him twice...
...got a rhythm and a pulse.
How long between the time
you found your husband...
- ... and the paramedics arrived?
- What?
- She's hard of hearing.
- How long was he unconscious?
Oh, I don't know.
Ten minutes, 15 maybe.
He was here two weeks ago.
They said he was fine.
We'll do everything we can.
On my count. One. Two. Three.
BP's 80/50.
- Pulse ox 90. Pulse is 48.
- All right.
Start dopamine, titrate
to a systolic of 100.
Atropine 0.5 mgs.
His pupils are fixed and dilated.
No deep tendon reflexes.
Carol, get a CBC, Chem-7, EKG,
blood gas and a portable chest.
Call Respiratory.
Have them set up a vent.
- What's wrong with my Vincenzo?
- It's okay. Please stand back.
He's a good man. We have six children,
11 grandchildren.
Mrs. Scarletti,
you need to wait outside.
- I need to what?
- Carol, can I get an assist?
Mrs. Scarletti, come on.
Let's go wait in the hall.
Carol.
Come on. We need to let
the doctor do his job. Come on.
Come with me.
- Where's Anspaugh? He's late.
- He's doing a Triple-A.
Those can slog on.
You got something juicy?
Yeah. Hernia repair.
Mine's a hot appendix.
They can't all be newsworthy, eh?
Unlike your osteochondral allograft
this afternoon, huh?
You intentionally sidelined me
for that.
What?
Handing me off to Anspaugh
so you could be with Romano.
That's the silliest thing
I've ever heard.
He called me in to consult.
Not the other way around.
If you say so.
No. It's not just what I say.
That's the way it was.
When did Anspaugh start the Triple-A?
An hour ago.
My patient's prepped.
I hate to get backed up.
Yeah. You are busy today.
Anspaugh wouldn't mind if
I just started, would he?
It's painting by numbers.
I haven't seen him mind yet.
So you're okay finding another ride?
- I can still take you home.
- No problem.
I just totally spaced it.
I agreed to have dinner with
my grandmother tonight.
So this is just an appetizer?
- Well, her cooking's not exactly-
- Carter, Anna, over here!
Help me.
- I can't breathe.
- Just relax. Hang on.
- I'm taking this off.
- No! It's for my allergies.
- I told the other doctor!
- What other doctor?
Let's get a gurney.
- Is that Mr. Scarletti?
- Yup.
- Advanced lung cancer.
- Did you pull his records?
He was in two weeks ago.
They told him the cancer's inoperable.
- He never told his wife.
- Apparently not.
What's her name?
Margaret Scarletti.
Do you want me to go talk to her?
I'll do it.
Mark, I apologize for being late.
I had lunch with a rep from Synergix.
- He had interesting ideas.
- We're slammed here-
- That crackhead in 3 is screaming-
- Wait.
I'd like to discuss the staffing
situation since it affects us both.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Write it down in a memo.
This woman collapsed outside.
She said she saw you.
Probably anaphylactic shock.
I'll be there.
- I'll get it.
- The back pain wants more Demerol.
- In a minute.
- Can you sign off on this for me?
- No.
- We could use the beds.
- What should I do about the back pain?
- Ask Doyle.
- It's the hospital's insurance attorney.
- Take a message.
- Mrs. Scarletti, could you come with me?
- My husband, will he be okay?
Will he live? How is he?
I don't think we should
discuss this here.
- What did you say? Will he live?
- We need to find a place to talk.
I'm worried about Vincenzo.
Please, can I go see him?
No. No, no, no. Not now.
- I just wanna see him.
- Mrs. Scarletti...
...your husband has no chance
for a meaningful recovery.
- He'll recover okay? Oh, thank you-
- No, no, no.
I said, your husband has no chance
for a meaningful recovery.
I don't understand.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that your husband lied
to you about his condition!
He's going to die!
Jeanie, can you explain it to her?
Mark, come on.
Let's talk for a second.
Come here.
Shouldn't somebody go after him?
Dr. Corday.
Heard you were elbow-deep
in a rather dicey Triple-A.
I heard you were doing the appy.
All finished. Twenty minutes and done.
You operated without
an Attending present?
Just an appendicectomy.
There weren't complications.
The complication is that
you disregarded hospital policy.
With something as basic as this,
I assumed there was leeway.
You've been here several months.
Have you seen any surgery
performed without an Attending?
No.
I apologize. In Britain we do minor
surgery without supervision.
I was led to believe the same
standards applied here.
By whom?
I was mistaken. That's all.
It won't happen again.
- Is it true he just walked out?
- Cynthia hot on his heels.
He seemed like such a sensitive guy.
He is. Doesn't everybody
have some work to do?
Can't do anything until
he does something for himself.
I'm not gonna make it home
to change.
Big plans?
I'm asking this foundation
for a lot of money.
- I don't have anything to wear.
- I have a jacket you can borrow.
It's from Goodwill, but it's decent.
- Thanks, that'd be great.
- Sure.
From what Carter says,
his grandma's tough.
- Carter, meaning John Carter?
- Yeah.
It's called the Carter Family
Foundation...
...but she holds the purse strings
with an iron claw.
- The Carter Family Foundation?
- Yeah, they're loaded.
Carter's real blue blood. It's this
whole Upstairs, Downstairs thing.
It might help you to take a doctor
along with you to make your case.
I wrote some Pedes clinic
grants at CHOP.
- You sure?
- I'd love to come along.
Okay.
It's like I can't breathe.
It's like something inside of my head
pushing, trying to get out. And I...
Every time I think I have things
under control, it just goes south.
- I'm babbling.
- If you don't wanna talk about it-
A few months ago, I was attacked
in the men's room in the ER...
...by this gangbanger who blames me for
his brother dying of a gunshot wound.
Oh, my God!
That's the creep who's suing you?
They settled the malpractice suit
for three million dollars.
And now the bastard's suing me
for violating his brother's civil rights.
I mean, figure that one out.
I can't believe it.
He attacked me from behind.
I tried to fight back, but I-
He could've had a gun
or been on drugs or-
I didn't even think about that.
My adrenaline was pumping so hard.
You're right.
People on PCP, they...
He could've killed you.
Mark...
...you're so used to handling
everyone else's problems that...
...you're not used to
asking for help.
- Jeanie.
- Hi.
These horse pills are
the hardest to swallow.
We should talk.
I know, today's been insane.
Heard from Mark?
I've talked to Dr. Anspaugh
about the ER budget.
He's very concerned about our deficit.
The overages can be contained
with structural changes...
...if we pursue industrial contracts-
Kerry, wait. What are you saying?
I have to lay off some of the staff
including two PAs.
The fairest way to do that is to give
preference to those with seniority.
Are you firing me?
Jeanie, I'm sorry.
I don't have a choice.
You were the last one hired.
You can work to the end of the month.
COBRA insurance will cover your meds.
I've talked to Physical Therapy.
They'll have an opening
in the next few months.
Except it pays about
a third less than here.
I want this to be short-term.
We're pursuing contracts.
When the new system is up,
I want you back.
So I'm supposed to wait
by the phone?
Jeanie, you know I value you
professionally and as a friend.
And I'm going to try to work this out.
No, please don't go to
any more trouble.
Do I look okay?
You look great.
Miss Hathaway and...?
- Dr. Del Amico. Anna.
- Mrs. Carter will be a few moments.
But she insists you have a cocktail.
What may I bring you?
- Spring water would be fine.
- Yes. And you, ma'am?
What kind of beer do you have?
- Heineken, Grolsch, Amstel Light-
- Just make that another spring water.
Certainly. Will you follow me
to the music room?
Please.
Oh, my God.
That's Mr. Carter in 1985.
He and Marigold took home blue ribbons
at Tempel Farms that year.
Marigold?
His thoroughbred.
Please, make yourself comfortable.
Hey, Carol.
Did you find the place okay?
Hey, Carter.
Nice place you have here.
- ER.
- Any word from Mark?
No, but everybody else keeps calling.
- ER.
- Could you sign off on this?
- Mark never got to it.
- Some day, huh?
Yeah. Some day.
This is a horrible job.
When is that temp clerk coming?
- ER. What do you want?
- I am out of here.
Oh, Doug. It's for you.
- Tell them I already left.
- It's long-distance, collect.
Hello. This is Doug Ross.
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
When?
Okay. Are you sure?
Is it-? Okay.
Yeah. Hang on. Could you...?
Okay.
Thank you.
- Is everything okay?
- Everything is fine.
No. I mean, I've seen it.
I've seen what she's talking about.
An ER is about emergent cases.
It's about speed.
Patients that need continuity
of care tend to...
...fall through the cracks.
I had a diabetic-
I'm sure your diabetic is fascinating.
But I'd like to speak to the lady.
Sure, of course. I'm sorry.
Alone.
- Right.
- Me too?
- Give her a tour of the grounds.
- Okay.
Excuse me.
Dr. Corday, I'm changing.
- Shedding your skin, Dr. Snake?
- I beg your pardon.
You knew I wasn't permitted
to perform that appy.
But you let me walk
right in there anyway.
Like you knew I should have been
notified this morning, right?
You were home. Hicks wanted to go.
Somebody needed to step in.
Like you needed someone to step into
the ischemic bowel...
...so you'd be with Romano.
How dare you accuse me
of manipulation!
I deserve better than that!
Besides, if I had really wanted to...
...you wouldn't even
have been aware of it.
All right. I suppose
I could've called you.
But with your being at home and my-
You are not the only one
who likes to cut.
But if I'm the only one here,
then I won't be ashamed of doing it.
Then I'll make sure you're
not in that position again.
Why, thank you, Dr. Benton.
- Dr. Romano. Do you have a minute?
- Yeah.
Absolutely.
I was wondering if you were
still looking for...
...an extra set of hands.
Would those be Benton hands?
Yes.
You're thinking you like the looks
of the 21 st century, is that it?
He simply wants to keep an eye on me.
Don't you, Dr. Benton?
Someone needs to.
I'll give it some thought.
We'll talk more.
You remember Weebles?
Those little egg-looking things?
"Weebles wobble,
but they don't fall down"?
Gamma used to hate it.
I'd take the Fabergé eggs, and I'd
put them with my Weeble family...
...as pets.
All right. I'm sorry.
I should've said something.
But you were so anti-rich people.
I'm even more anti-liars.
I wanted you to get to know me first.
Okay. And meanwhile, I take you
to my favorite thrift store...
...give you a tour of
Roach Manor this morning...
...and you must have been laughing
your head off.
- Not at all. I love that stuff.
- A little slumming, is that it?
Before you knew all this, you saw me
for what I am, a regular guy.
"A regular guy" doesn't
patronize people.
You made me look like an idiot.
Anna, I'm sorry.
Forget it, Carter.
So that's it?
My family has a few bucks
and everything changes?
- A few bucks? That's what it is to you?
- It's a figure of speech.
That's exactly what
I'm talking about.
To you, this is all a figure of speech.
To me...
I'm just gonna go wait outside
until Carol gets done.
Mark? It's Doug.
Hi.
Cynthia, I'm looking for Mark.
He might be asleep. But I'll check.
- Who is it?
- Come on in.
- Hey.
- Hi.
What's going on?
Might be a bad time.
Yeah, yeah, kind of.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
I just wanted to make sure
you were okay.
I'm fine.
We're all a little worried about you.
I'm okay.
Okay.
I'll be taking a few days off.
I got a call from California.
My dad died.
What? What happened?
It was a car wreck or something.
They weren't clear on the details.
But I gotta go claim the body...
...and stuff like that. So...
I'm sorry.
- I'll talk to you later.
- No. Come on in.
That's okay. No, no, no.
Come on in. I'll make some coffee.
Come on.
All right.
I looked him dead in the eye,
and I said...
..."That might fly with your Hollywood
chippies, Mr. President...
...but I am a lady. "
What did he do?
He took his hand off my rear
and apologized.
And that was it?
Then I slept with him.
May I freshen you up?
- No, thank you. I have to drive.
- And it's getting late.
Time for the fat lady to sing.
I like you, Carol.
You remind me of me.
Thank you.
I think you might just possess...
...the extreme bullheaded
stubbornness...
...to make this clinic thing work.
How would you like some seed money
to start you off?
$75,000?
You haven't even read my proposal.
It's my foundation.
Just don't tell my grandson.
I have a stern, unapproachable image
to keep up.
Well, then, this meeting
was hell from beginning to end.
- Exactly.
- Thank you so much.
Good, good. You're not too late.
I wanted to get
the celebration rolling.
Celebration?
I got a supersaver ticket to Atlanta.
Tommy's introducing me to some people.
And his sister-in-law...
...is a realtor.
- So you had a good day.
- No. Not just me.
Tommy knows some doctors
at the county hospital.
Sounds too good to be true.
We can make this happen.
We can make this work.
Hey...
...what's wrong?
Hi, Kerry.
Ellis.
I know this is strange.
We just met...
...and here I am calling you up
to come have a drink.
- I hope you don't misunderstand.
- Oh, no.
You saved me from having
to watch the local news.
I don't usually do this kind of thing.
Sure. That's what they all say.
What's on your mind?
I had to lay off a pretty close friend
this afternoon...
...and she didn't appreciate my
suggestions for getting through this.
She just felt fired.
Which is exactly what she was.
That's right.
When you try to get her job back,
she won't appreciate that, either.
Welcome to the wonderful world
of management.
Get you another drink?
That'd be great. Thanks.
- I wish you'd wait and leave tomorrow.
- I just want to get on with it.
- Let me take you to the airport.
- I'll just leave it in Parking.
- Pick Mark up too.
- I'm glad he's going with you.
It's a good idea for him
to get out of town for a while.
I'm gonna miss you.
I love you, Carol.
I love you too.
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org